>> Sarah Drasner: All right, so we've got
our method and we've got our computed.
Let's take a look at
our solution over here.
So, what you should have had we
already have our selected posts and
things are already filled out.
Then, in our methods we have ad post.
We're establishing a relationship
in this new object between author,
title and label with this.newAuthor,
this.newTitle, this.newLabel.
You can c an call them
whatever you want to.
Those are things that I like to call them.
We have this top post
which was an empty string.
We have this stop post which was,
sorry, an array, that top array.
And we're pushing this new object that
we created with all of that information
onto that.
And then emptying out all of those things,
so we're giving them empty strings again.
And so
that's how we are submitting that post.
If we go look at the post in the HTML,
we have form @submit.prevent.
Remember I mentioned that we're not
submitting on that button click.
We're submitting on the form itself and
we're preventing it from refreshing
the page with that .prevent modifier.
And we have addPost here,
you could've called that whatever
you want in the methods there.
So moving on to the computed value,
we have computed filteredByLabel.
It's very similar to the other filter
that we created, where we have
that regex that's making sure that that
capitalization isn't gonna be a problem.
And then we're returning this.posts,
remember,
that establishes a relationship
with this posts here.
So we have this this.post.filter and then,
we're matching to
the filter that we created.
Then, if we go over to the computed, over
into the HTML, we have this select,
and we have vmodel selected.
So that stays pretty much the same,
and we have a disabled value.
But then what changes here is
instead of going postThroughPost,
we're going postFilteredByLabel or
whatever you decided to
call it in that area.
So that is the same name as
that filteredByLabel, and
it's filteredByLabel here as well.